welcome to birthday bullseye comm we are
making a canned cake which is basically
a cake made out of a 12-pack of your
favorite drink guaranteed to be a hit
here are the things you're going to need
first get some wide ribbon and some thin
ribbon a bow three different pieces of
cardboard cut three inches six inches
and nine inches in diameter some
scissors strong tape regular tape and
wrapping paper and of course your 12
pack clear yourself some space and get
started first you're going to wrap your
cardboard you want to keep one side
smooth but then you don't have to worry
too much about the other side just make
sure it gets covered yeah then do the
exact same thing with the other two
pieces don't worry too much about
getting it perfect
then get your 9 inch piece turn it
smooth side down and start placing cans
around the edges
you want the pretty side of the can
facing out and you're going to need
about eight cans to make this layer
let's see one two three yep
that's eight okay now you're going to
need to put some strong tape on the
bottom to secure them to the base so go
ahead and get a big strip of tape put it
on the bottom of the cans like that and
squish it down perfect and that's going
to make it sturdy so that you can
actually take it to birthday party good
now get some wide ribbon now you're
going to cut a strip long enough to
actually tie a bow down don't go skimpy
cut it long enough you can always cut it
shorter later tie your bow will make it
pretty later then tape down the six end
piece of cardboard on top of this layer
pretty side up now you're going to go
ahead and do the same steps with these
four cans making sure the pretty side is
out taping them down to the tear base
and then wrapping them with the ribbon a
wide ribbon mind you then grab the top
piece and tape it down to with the
strong tape then you're going to take
your thin ribbon and cut it in pieces
too you want these ribbons to be about
12 to 18 inches long not too long but
not too short either
grab some different colors because that
makes it fun and tape them all to the
top using regular tape and when you've
finished securing that grab yourself an
extra strong piece of tape again put it
on top and add your bow and then curl
that ribbon makes it pretty
great okay now it's time to fix those
bows in the front you want to make them
a little bit smaller and you want to
trim the edges to be just about as big
as the loops are up top so make your
loop then trim those edges to be the
same size straighten it up yeah and that
birdie now grab yourself a card and
you're going to need a candle now if you
just put the candle on top like in the
bow it's gonna fall out make a mess so
instead get yourself a tea light candle
burn it a little bit let it melt put
your birthday candle in there and then
hide the tea light in the bow